#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
Bowtie 98/100
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Bowtie Berry is one of the best games I have seen produced in this course.
 It has the feeling of being complete with lots of little details all fitting
 together.
 There is a consistently good aesthetic with good assets, varying room designs,
 and fantastic cinematics.
 There were minor glitches like the camera going through the wall once or
 twice and a menu that didn't seem as responsive but these are small problems
 and expected.
 Really fantastic game, my notes follow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
cinematics are fantastic
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
objects moving when walked into is a little wonky
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
the corpses twitching is a bit of an issue
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
some camera clipping through walls
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
the aesthetic is fantastic
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
really great differentiation in the rooms
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
xray room is fantastic
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
patient rooms good
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
NPC dialog is great
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
menu was a little genky it looked like
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
outdoor world could have used work, I swear the lighting needed to be rebuilt
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
nice change that you don't have to get every soul
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
this feels really polished and the sound is good
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
I wish the scoreboard worked
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Post-mortem 100
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nice writeup of the process with included reflection.
 While not a traditional method of doing a post-mortem, this works because
 you reflect in a manner that makes sense to you.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Evals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
• Eugene Kuznetsov: self
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
o Strengths: • Takes initiative and the leadership role of the group as
 he would describe what has to be done, plans out what we should focus on
 and do • Very strong worker and cares deeply if what he has done works
 or not.
 If not, he would take the time and more to fix errors as well as find ways
 better the code and functions of the game.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
o Weaknesses: • He would overwork himself or would take more work that he
 could handle.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
I can be intensely focused and pick new concepts up pretty well, especially
 when learning on my own.
 So, I tend to successfully code up functional features; however, my coding
 tends to be messy and I feel inefficient in the progress I make when considerin
g the time I spend on given problems.
 I’m the one who pushes for the group to produce and submit our materials/produc
ts on time, and I keep everyone in the know regarding what I’ve completed
 or have been working on.
 I’ve written a good chunk of the postmortem, and I’ve stayed up for multiple
 nights for this project at the detriment of my sleep as well as other classwork
 to get our submissions together.
 I can’t say I didn’t expect this to happen, it’s college after all, but
 time management and communication are two tenets I wish our group had taken
 to heart.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
• Spencer Cohen: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
o Strengths: • Although not being in class a lot, he would take the time
 out to continuously create new assets and models to be placed into the
 maps and levels.
 • Would continue to update past files of the project and keep Eugene and
 I informed on which files to use as well as what not to change as he would
 also be working on the same area.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
o Weaknesses: • Although keeping us informed on changes he has made to the
 file, communication on him and where he is during class times was lacking.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Spencer is a very productive group member who tends to create very high-quality
 work; however, his attendance and inconsistent communication habits tend
 to be pretty difficult to work with.
 That being said, when he’s able to, Spender tends to carry his weight,
 very well considering his ill-fitting schedule.
 He does a fantastic job on 3D modeling, cutscene rendering, as well as
 taking the reins on coding our project once in a while, considering I either
 get tired, or I need to focus on other work.
 The issue is that he’s not always around, and more importantly, he tends
 to drop off the face of the earth, sometimes forcing us to push toward
 a deadline or pass an assignment in without him since he isn’t responsive
 nor communicative during those moments.
 That being said, as a group we have a bad track record of only coming together
 as we trek closer to the deadline, which is a trend I personally try to
 steer way from or alleviate by getting as much done beforehand as humanely
 possible.
 However, around these moments Spencer does end up becoming one of the leading
 forces to push us forward and keep us pointed in the right direction in
 regard to getting our project/submission done.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
• Josue Mendez-Dietsch: self
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
o Strengths: • Tried to help Spencer and Eugene with their areas when working
 together as a group.
 • Tried to communicate as much as I could on what I was doing or just overall
 progress.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
o Weaknesses: • I would get distracted at times when working together as
 a group.
 • I feel that I could have done more for sounds as well as implementation
 of levels but failed to.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Josue tends to be the positive and optimistic one in our group.
 In addition to usually maintaining our group’s morale, he has the most
 consistent attendance as well as communication.
 He is willing to put in the effort in learning and exploring Unreal to
 achieve what the group expects him to, which in his case was level design
 and layout.
 Although banter with Josue tended to keep my spirits up, at times it did
 get a bit distracting when we’d go off on conversational tangents, although
 that is, to an extent, my fault as well.
 However, while Josue does put forth and earnest effort in learning Unreal
 and Blender.
 But either due to his time constraints or perhaps a technologically strained
 laptop, I often found that a lot of that time is eaten away by learning.
 On its own, that is great; however, it gets pretty concerning whenever
 we’re nearing a deadline and I’m wondering to myself if, perhaps, we could
 have finished things sooner by having him prioritize producing work, rather
 than learning how to do so.
 Then again, I had to spend time on my own to learn the tools and systems
 I needed.
 I admit in feeling that I could’ve been more efficient in my own implementation
s as well.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
• As a Group 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
o Strengths: • Coming in as a group we are able to work in tandem and constructi
vely to be able to finish our work.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
o Weaknesses: • Overestimating how much we would be able to accomplish for
 the project and planning too much.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Phase 95/100
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Phase is a really solid game and you guys make good progress between the
 verticle slices and what you turned in.
 A lot of the little changes like cinematics did a great job of pulling
 your game together.
 The changes also made it feel like there was real progression and a goal
 for each level, making it feel more like a cohesive game.
 The area where it would have used more work was in regards to aesthetics.
 The looks felt a bit generic and could have used more elements pulling
 it together.
 The final play through also showed a good amount on content and a reasonable
 amount of time required to complete it.
 A really solid game with minor issues.
 My notes follow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
some instructions are a little hard to read
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
hands are still a bit weird
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
as you walk the hands make me think of the song Kung fu fighting
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
aesthetic is better but still feels a little off
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
really inproved a lot
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
the fact that the items being carried rotates is a bit of a problem
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
cinematic to show where objects should be placed is a nice touch
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
seems a little hard to drop objects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
we saw that one bug that show up where the fall didn't respawn correctly
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
menu is a good touch
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
a bit hard to see when carrying something
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
cinematics showing more than once a little distracting but not too bad and
 probably better than not being able to replay them
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
really nice touch with the boxes aroud buttons and how they retract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Post-mortem 93
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Your post-mortem discusses the basics of what went right and wrong during
 the development of your game.
 A bit more reflection on these points would have been nice though.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Evals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Mike: self
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
While I think I could have done more overall, I do believe I did my fair
 share of work on this project.
 At first I didn’t have too much to do since I was in charge of meshes while
 everyone else was doing more mechanic/gameplay things.
 Once we started putting levels together, I feel that I rose up as the leader
 of the project, taking charge of who was doing what and coordinating work
 to the other members.
 I was working as well, and rather than just focusing on the art/design
 side of things, I delved more into blueprints, cinematics, sound design,
 and just working on making the game flow well.
 At first communication wasn’t my strong suit, probably due to me not really
 knowing the other members of my group too well.
 Eventually, I came out of my shell and initiated many of the work-related
 conversations we’d have out of class to make sure we were all working on
 something for the project and doing our part.
 Time management was another issue we all faced as a group, but by the end
 of the semester we all did a good job getting things done by the deadlines
 we set for ourselves.
 Had I not been taking 17 credits this semester plus a TA job, I believe
 that I could have put more effort into our work and made a better final
 product.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Mike put so much time and effort into our game, especially in the back half
 of the semester.
 He spent a lot of time on the animations at the start of the game’s production,
 and did an amazing job designing levels.
 I always felt like Mike was going above and beyond, not only putting the
 most effort into our project, but also to our group, constantly volunteering
 to be the person to compile our data for group evaluations, as well as
 teaching others how to use GitKraken properly.
 If there was a way to fix a problem, Mike usually knew what to do.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Mike kept the game on track from beginning to end.
 He did great work on the level design and creation, as well as overseeing
 and communicating between all the group members.
 Overall, great work and great working with him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Mike was the all star of the group.
 He was the team leader that made sure everyone was on their stuff and he
 brought everything together every time.
 He was the biggest part of the project and took it off the group without
 a doubt.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Aidan: self
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Aidan did some excellent work on our project, with his mechanics being the
 core of our game.
 He also worked on the menus and a lot of the interactive elements of the
 game, and always found time to work on the project.
 Although he contributed a lot to the project, his work wasn’t always as
 good as we needed it to be.
 His code was often messy, and at times not even he knew exactly what he
 was doing.
 This led to many obstacles when debugging and cleaning up the game, since
 we’d usually encounter an error in his code and he wouldn’t know how to
 fix it any more than the rest of us.
 He also overestimated his ability in terms of the things he could get done,
 and how fast he could get them done.
 Working fast can be seen as a good thing, but sometimes he’d get ahead
 of himself and work past a benchmark we’d set, which would cause many merge
 conflicts, all of which (to my recollection) he was responsible for.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
I don’t know if I’m supposed to write about myself, but I feel like I did
 a really great job on this project.
 Some of my contributions in the beginning (especially in the elemental
 state changes) were a little messy, but I learned better practices as the
 semester went, like commenting my code and pushing small changes to GitKraken,
 as well as effectively communicating what it was that I was working on.
 I felt that I contributed lots of time to the project on both the mechanics
 side, and the level design side.
 I designed the bones of the tutorial level, and the white room in the second
 level, as well as programming the interactions within the levels.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Aidan did much of the code labor in implementing the mechanics.
 He was always enthusiastic and willing to do the work, even if it was a
 bit messy and convoluted.
 Overall, a lot of solid work and good working with him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Aidan was a hard worker just not a smart worker.
 He put a lot of hours in, he said, but rarely had a correlative amount
 of progress.
 I’d say he was one of the more difficult groupmates just because he was
 quite stubborn about his work.
 He also spoke in a quite patronizing tone to us when explaining his work.
 He did pull his weight in hours though.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Jack: self (but not himself)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Jack is probably the MVP of our group.
 Like me, he didn’t have as much to do at the beginning of our work cycle,
 so I didn’t expect he’d be doing too much throughout.
 After our first vertical slice, his talents began to shine through.
 I’m not entirely sure how much time he spent working on his parts of the
 game, but whenever we’d come together to work, he was always on top of
 his game.
 He was definitely the best debugger out of any of us, and he was probably
 the most versatile in terms of what he was capable of doing on our project.
 Whether it be cinematics, interactive code, gameplay mechanics, HUDs, you
 name it.
 If there was a problem, Jack was the most determined out of all of us to
 tackle it as quick as we could without cutting any corners.
 The only negative thing I can say about Jack was that he wasn’t the best
 at communicating outside of class, but this was due to his busy schedule,
 which is understandable as someone who also had a very busy semester.
 If you’re giving any extra points to anyone in this group, give them to
 Jack.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Jack’s greatest strength was his problems solving ability.
 I always felt like if I had a problem, Jack was able to figure out how
 to fix it.
 That being said, I felt like after the second vertical slice, Jack didn’t
 do as much for the project unless specific problems were brought to him.
 His work was always good though, especially the contributions made at the
 beginning of the semester.
 Jack was always good to sit and meet for a long period of time though to
 make sure our work could get done.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Jack was a great groupmate.
 He was always a voice of reason which prevailed if there was any type of
 disagreement between someone and Aidan.
 I would consider giving him a bonus on the grade.
 He was very pleasant to work with and only spoke when he had a calculated
 comment that added to the situation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Derek: self
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
When thinking of Derek’s contribution to the group, I think of your story
 about when you were in college working on a group project, and you felt
 like you didn’t contribute much despite your group members disagreeing
 with you.
 Derek was the one who came up with the idea of the game, and many of his
 ideas were the ones we ended up going with and fleshing out in our final
 product.
 He worked a lot towards the beginning of our work cycle, developing interactive
 blueprints alongside Aidan, grabbing physics, and other things.
 Later in the semester, he wasn’t able to put in as much time as he had
 before (due to sports and senior project), which is kind of why I emerged
 as a de-facto leader of the project.
 On top of that, he wasn’t needed as much later on in the projects development,
 similar to how you said you weren’t needed as much on your project (to
 my knowledge, I may be remembering this story incorrectly).
 Even though he wasn’t putting in as much work towards the end, I feel that
 he should have kept in touch more often about the little things that he
 would be working on, despite development still going smoothly without him
 completely in the loop.
 Despite Derek’s part in the group dwindling as the semester went on, I
 don’t believe he should get points deducted or anything like that, since
 he did serve a vital role to our project, and with his time limitations
 I believe he contributed to the group as best as he could.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Derek was great at the beginning of the semester, putting in work to make
 sure our first vertical slice was done, and developing concepts and some
 level interactions.
 Towards the middle, he really started to drag on his work, and it took
 weeks for Derek to finish making the pause menu.
 Fortunately, he did finish it, and we were able to implement it into our
 game.
 After our second vertical slice Derek did not make many contributions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Derek put a lot of effort into the design and development of mechanics and
 ideas.
 He put in a decent amount of labor in the beginning of the semester, which
 slowly declined as the semester went along, but still overall put in a
 good amount of work.
 Overall, a good amount of development work and I enjoyed working with him.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
I really fell off in the last sprint.
 The way we began doing the levels was just working on them in one computer
 and transferring assets to it, as other things brought merge conflicts.
 I provided insight for the way things should be implemented in terms of
 code and level design, but was more absent when it came to the level creation
 than the rest of my group mates.
 I put my focus more so on my other classes, and let my groupmates know
 so, but it did put a heavier weight on them and resulted in a less fleshed
 out product.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Marble 95/100
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Game
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The marble game you created was a bit simpler than others but the execution
 of it and level of polish was higher than expected and made up for the
 simpler premise.
 You had lots of nice touch like good sounds, interesting progression, a
 good map, etc.
 that really pulled the game together.
 Some small issues like the single 0 for seconds were distracting but the
 overall polish was good.
 Good execution and good amount of content.
 More detailed notes follow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
single 0 on timer is still an issue
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
you really need zero padding
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
the difference in difficulty for different players is amazing
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
added sound effects for bumpers and the like is good
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
solid game, parts fit together well
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
sounds are good
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
good replayability
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
really nice map to levels and ability to go back and replay
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Postmortem 95(if self eval is done, 75 if not (20% evals, 20 who did what,
 60% writeup)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The post mortem addresses what you ran into and shows some analysis of what
 went well and what didn't and possible ways of improving that which didn't.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Evals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I think everyone in the group contributed a fair and solid amount to the
 project.
 -Stefan
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Stefan self (but no self)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Man, where do I begin with Stefan.
 To put it bluntly, he did by far the least work out of anyone in the group.
 He has caused so many tight deadlines, and I don’t know why.
 In class I only ever saw him doing work for other classes, and in person,
 while I did see him working on stuff, it looked like he was working while
 taking several small breaks at any chance he could.
 For example, he made one level (Level 10) and it took him all of the time
 between Vertical Slice 2 and the final game to finish it.
 I mean, we met on 5/2 and he said he’d have it to me by the end of the
 day.
 That didn’t happen.
 He said the same thing to me that Friday in class.
 That didn’t happen.
 I had the entire rest of the game done on early Saturday, and he didn’t
 get me his level until Sunday (The day before it was due) at 10:30pm, and
 it was running on a month-old version of the game, with no UI implemented.
 It was as bare bones as it could get.
 Granted in the beginning of the project he did do good work on some mechanics
 (notably the fan and his see saw), but other than that his communication
 was poor.
 He came to class maybe half of the time, and on top of not showing up for
 our presentation of our game on Monday, he hasn’t texted any of us back
 since Sunday.
 We’ve been trying to get in contact with him and none of us have been able
 to.
 I will actively avoid working with Stefan in group projects from now on
 in any class I may have with him, since I know now, he is a terrible team
 player and cannot manage his time properly.
 He has done so little for the team it is sad, and I wish I could say better
 about him.
 All of the late nights I’ve had to pull for this game have been because
 he hasn’t gotten things to be until 10pm-12am the night before, and I can’t
 deal with that when my task is to be the one to put everything together.
 Get fucked.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Stefan - got most of his work done on time, but occasionally would run a
 little late.
 Communication was pretty poor and he wouldn't really respond to our groupchats
 or attend our out-of-class meetups.
 He still got the work done though, so it really wasn't more than a mild
 inconvenience.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Sean self (no self)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
did a very good job implementing the UI and dishing out a bunch of levels.
 As for who went above and beyond, Sean did a really good job with keeping
 everyone on track and took it upon himself to do most of the group write
 ups.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Sean - definitely pulled more weight than anyone else in the group.
 On the nights before a vertical slice was do, it was Sean that was staying
 up making sure everything fit smoothly together.
 He was the most active in the group chat and tried to get our group to
 run as efficiently as possible.
 All around MVP.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Kenny self
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
did very well with implementing sound into our game and produced some meaty
 levels.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Kenny’s work never ceases to amaze me.
 He made the boss level, level 9, and level 7.
 Next to me he’s made the most levels and his levels are more engaging than
 my 5 combined honestly.
 It took him until halfway to Vertical Slice 2 to finish the final level,
 but it came out so well I can’t even be mad that it took that long.
 His quality standard is very high, and he’s very good at making specific
 sounds for specific situations.
 He’s got a very good work ethic, and I honestly don’t believe I have any
 complaints about working with him.
 I hope to work with him again in the future.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Lei 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
did a truly fantastic job with UI visuals, which I think add a significant
 amount to the game.
 Finally, 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Lei leaves me conflicted.
 She is the type of person that doesn’t like to talk much so I can’t hold
 that against her, but it leaves something to be desired when It comes to
 communication.
 I mean, seriously, I think I had maybe 6 separate conversations with her
 throughout the entire semester.
 At the same time though, this did not impact her work ethic at all.
 The art she designed for the game is phenomenal, and I can’t even begin
 to pretend like I could ever do something remotely as good as the art she
 produced for the UI.
 She even coded in the Menus so when you hover over it, the buttons recede.
 That is such a little detail I can’t help but admire it (even if I had
 to implement a lot of her work).
 Her level is also really fun to play through
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Lei - Sometimes communication was a little poor, but was always present
 at the time and place that we had agreed to meet. Did her fair share of
 work and made it pretty clear where she was and what she was doing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Adam 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
was our tech specialist and was quite helpful when we needed to work with
 any online repository.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
I think Adam contributed a decent amount.
 I know he’s a senior so I understand he couldn’t contribute as much as
 he’d like to.
 I think his biggest contribution was making sure we all met and got together
 to get stuff done; as an organizer he succeeded.
 As a content creator, he only really created one level and created a nice
 shaded material (granted I don’t know how to use Maya so I can’t speak
 on that).
 Overall though I enjoy working with Adam and he can get things done in
 a time crunch so I can’t be too mad at him
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Adam - had the tendency to get off topic or distracted, but always got what
 needed to get done finished on time.
 Communication was pretty good (as far as our group was concerned), and
 I really don't have any complaints towards him.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
